# theblacklistcollective
Portal for reviews about stuff that matters. Dummy project to practice htmx, templ, golangTrying to create a high density, feature rich but easy to use app. Searchability and ease of adding reviews is important. 

## Workflow
1. User goes to the site and sees a list of reviews, with reviews geographically close to the user ranked higher. Next factor that decides ranking is the rating of the review posts. 
2. User can search for a review
3. User can add a review
4. Reviews have statuses: draft, under review, published, archived
5. Reviews are categorized into collections. Collections have a name, description, and a list of reviews.
6. Collections can be public or private.
7. Collections can be featured or not. Featured collections are displayed on the front page.
8. Collections can be sorted by popularity, date added, etc.


## Features
- Search
- Filtering
- Sorting
- Geolocation
- User accounts
- User roles (admin, editor, viewer)
- Markdown editor
- Rating system
- Commenting system
- Voting system
- Reporting system
- Analytics system
- Survey system

tbc=# CREATE TABLE review (
tbc(# id integer PRIMARY KEY GENERATED BY DEFAULT AS IDENTITY, 
tbc(# target id, 
tbc(# review varchar[500],
tbc(# posted_date date, 
tbc(# posted_by_id integer);
ERROR:  type "id" does not exist
LINE 3: target id, 
               ^
tbc=# CREATE TABLE review (
id integer PRIMARY KEY GENERATED BY DEFAULT AS IDENTITY, 
target integer, 
review varchar[500],
posted_date date, 
posted_by_id integer);
CREATE TABLE
tbc=# SELECT * from review
tbc-# ;
 id | target | review | posted_date | posted_by_id 
----+--------+--------+-------------+--------------
(0 rows)

tbc=# 